Jack may gonna hell wasn't pickling
please now if you love pickles right
love pickles and favorite pickle what is
it
I like pickled onions we're gonna do
pickled celery mm-hmm it's a nice little
snack and great for ploughman's great
for salads first thing we need to pick
the celery for me so you see where the
next one's gonna be this in there yeah
okay
Alfie give up I'm hungry today is this
so we're having for dinner
Jack come on I wouldn't do that to you
know that there's more coming now
because we're picking it we want to sort
of make it look a little bit more
attractive so we go round all that okay
on an angle so when you pick all the
food does it does it preserve it
it's exactly what he does but also gives
it a really nice salty sour flavor yeah
okay
now special water and then with the
sugar okay so gonna bring that to the
ball it's like straight almost like a
little syrup yeah okay little teaspoon
of pepper corns in must have seeds in
quite generous on the mustard seeds that
gives it a bit of sort of spice now
those close excellence close in now
touch a salt No
okay so from there white wine vinegar
now in order for all that to actually
pickle you need to boil it
so by boiling it okay it brings all the
ingredients together infuses all the
spices and helps cook the celery have no
taste
nice nice see that wasn't has on his
chest look booth is working already
now see hmm nice right salaries ready
yeah okay
let's hop to ball now turn off now
from there it's not placing the salary
into that jar so when you pick a lot of
foods can you use that same recipe
exactly that 100% once this pickle it
doesn't really go off okay now put them
in there
so can we eat this straightaway when
it's in here but you know what scissors
cooled down you can definitely know
straight away can't wait to dig into it
only dishes yes we'll leave that to cool
down our pickles are ready and cooling
now to marinate the chicken on the fried
chicken traditionally it's always gonna
be done with the dark meat the brown me
so you got that nice sort of air drum
here and this bit yep I couldn't on the
bone as well
keeps it even more moist so first things
first salt pepper please from there
butter real thin it's brilliant for
marinate the chicken if you can put this
buttermilk over your chicken the night
before the more it tenderizes the
chicken it starts to sort of really
relaxed the chicken and puts a really
nice sort of creamy sorry flavor in
there so might stick that in the fridge
first please the buttermilk should have
worked his magic on the chicken all
that's left is to fry it now we're gonna
roll the chicken out of the buttermilk
into the flour that's why it's nice and
crispy and blistery on the outside okay
so what we've got to make sure because
the flour is the last coat this is
nicely seasoned okay so salt and pepper
in there nice and this is smoked paprika
so that gives it a little bit of sort of
maintenance
yeah I hope yes spice that's right a
little bit of heat and this one my
favorites what's that cayenne pepper
that's right again slightly spicy but
the heat works pretty well
garlic powder traditionally you're used
a lot in the States onion powder garlic
powder just run your fingers through
that please only get the panel now 2
centimetres of oil this is really good
mix for fish as well go John's fighting
a nice spicy texture helps fish so first
thing so he just shake off some of the
buttermilk lay that down yeah okay
really important to get them covered
completely okay in the flour yeah so
love fried chicken do now
lift that up there first one can you
place it in there away from you often
yeah nice and gently good and lay away
just if any stage you think the oil is
getting too hot yeah just add a touch of
cold all in there yep I'll turn off the
gas just gently fry the chicken for 25
to 30 minutes or until cooked through
now very carefully turn them over please
yeah Jack five chicken everyday--
no definitely not it's a treat and it's
shallow fried so once every three weeks
yeah great for me yeah now off with the
gas okay
yeah paper ready okay onto the paper so
them I love fried chicken
totally pretty - I love it look there's
the best bit
delicious now pie chicken pickles if you
pick up and don't eat the lecture cakes
we are ready but very nice is good
delicious Wow my pickled celery and
buttermilk fried chicken a soulful
Street food feast if there ever was one
and joined the Ramsay clan tonight is
Tilly schoolmate Phoebe now first of all
we have some very very exciting pickled
celery baby
I'll have a jumpin Johnny nice ladies
you can lift it up with your fingers
especially on the drop sleeve you have
the chicken anything I wouldn't be able
to like make this yes you will
so it's very easy to my dad did say we
could have every night in the week
mm-hmm what I said as a treat it's empty
right you know always take you always
tell me see my chicken no chicken is
healthy but not fried every night